#summary This page will point to the latest good build of the game.

= Current Build =

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-06-11-16-48.html

Added tracking and display of average time spent on switching and non-switching trials.
Note that the response time for the first trial doesn't count toward either statistic.


= Older versions =

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-05-27-12-51.html

Put an option in the Settings menu for "Fixed block length". If this is > 1 the
player will only have the "Again" option at the end of a block until they've
completed the specified number or runs through.

Added a "Karbach & Kray mode" in the settings. Whichever environment the player
chooses, they will go through the specified pattern of twenty tests.
[Block sequence: 2 single, 2 mixed, 2 single, 2 mixed,
1 single, 2 mixed, 1 single, 2 mixed, 1 single, 2 mixed, 1 single, 2
mixed]

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-04-19-16-46.html

Added a settings menu with the option to disable potentially distracting
background movement in the game. This setting also disables the star burst
under the player when they get a trial correct.

More polish.

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-04-16-15-40.html

Polish.

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-04-12-10-46.html

Added version number to loading screen.

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-04-08-15-40.html

Added fantastic reward thingy to end of night cloud area - fantasticity scales with how many the player got correct.

Replaced the childish gnome player avatar with a generic all-ages humanoid in all but the campus environment.

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-04-01-12-01.html

Fixed performance summary to display average response time instead of total response time.

---

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-03-26-17-44.html

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds-2010-03-25-16-37.html

http://www.bamboobunch.com/demo/LeapsAndBounds.html