#summary Leaps and Bounds release notes

= How to use the game =

= What's New =

Leaps and Bounds version 2010.04.16.15 is built using the Unity game development tool and runs on all browsers that have the Unity Web Player plugin installed.

	Changes in 2010.04.16.15

  A menu button has been added to the lower right hand corner of every environment.<br>
  New GUI elements have been added.

= System Requirements =

	You MUST first download and install the Unity Web Player, available here: http://unity3d.com/webplayer/

	Operating Systems

	•	Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7<br>
	•	Mac OS X 10.3.9 or newer
	
	Supported Browsers

	•	Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome

= Download =

	Leaps and Bounds can be downloaded at this link: http://code.google.com/p/ben-00001-leaps-and-bounds/wiki/DemoBuilds The topmost link will be the most recently updated version of the game.

= Playing =

1. Wait for the game to finish loading.
2. From the main menu, choosing "Start" will begin the game. "Instructions" will tell the player how to control the game. "Credits" will display the names of the people involved in creating Leaps and Bounds.<br>
3. After clicking "Start", choose which environment you want to play in ("Basic", "Campus", "Night Sky") by clicking on the matching image. Players can choose to return to the main menu from any environment by clicking on the menu button in the lower right hand corner.
4. Once the environment loads, click on the green Play button to begin the trial. There is no time limit for picking each option, but players should still try to go through each trial quickly and accurately.<br>
5. Press the left or right arrow keys to choose which object is described by the target word. Players may also use the S and K keys to move left and right, respectively.<br>
6. At the end of a trial, players will see a summary of their performance. From there, they may choose to redo the trial or return to the main menu and pick a different environment. 

= Troubleshooting =

	When submitting a problem, please send it to support@benxing.com. Include the build number, visible on Iris's main menu and loading screen. If possible, attempt to recreate any bugs and describe in detail what seems to cause it.

= Previous Builds =

Changes in 2010.04.12.10 

	•	Version numbers are now visible on the loading screen.